Now that you are familiar with the Gazebo word graphical user interface,
let's simulate a robot.
We will create these two wheeled robot using the model editor tool of Gazebo.
A modelling Gazebo contains information about a single robot or object,
and it can be easily included in a Word file.
The reason for creating a model is to import
multiple instances of it in a word or simply use it in other projects.
First, create a directory to store
the model file as well as the Word file that includes the model file.
Inside home workspace, create a new directory and name it "myrobot".
Then, navigate to "myrobot".
Inside this directory, create both a word directory and the model directory.
Now that you have a place to store your model and Word files,
it's time to start Gazebo,
access the model editor tool and simulate the robot.
To start Gazebo, type Gazebo in the terminal and wait for a few seconds.
Here's the Gazebo word main interface.
Since you'll want to first create the robot model and then include it in the word scene,
switch to the model editor.
To do that, click on "Edit" and then click on "Model Editor".
By default, the simulation and the physics are both posed.
The model editor interface looks very similar to
the Gazebo main word interface with slight differences.